The conceptual premise for my clock was to create circles of differing sizes and different colors to express the experiential feeling of emotions - how does time alter when a certain emotion is felt? I wanted the animation of these circles to correspond to how I experience emotions, as when I am angry the time flies by and almost feels like it never happened; when I am feeling joy it is overwhelming and feels like an instant; depression feels like a neverending void and so on. 

I immediately knew I wanted shapes and colors to represent my clock. Originally I had the clock as a circular target, with each emotion (circle) nested within the largest circle, like a colorful target. However, I quickly realized this design would be too difficult to code for perimeters, as I wanted the shapes to respond to clicks. I ended up scattering the circles, altering the sizes, to keep this original premise somewhat in mind.  

My overall reflection on this assignment is that it was very difficult for me. I think I was a bit overly ambitious in my ideation, and therefore am still left with a not fully finished clock (I could not achieve the final emotion, the biggest circle, which was red and meant to represent anger). Here is my key below explaining the functions, circles, colors, and emotions I chose to include: 

Red - Meant to be the biggest circle as it feels like the most overwhelming and all encompassing emotion for me. I ideally would have liked that when this circle was clicked for the entire canvas to turn red (similar to calm and depression) except this would not be a stagnant color, but instead turn from red, to darker red, to black, to signify how I feel anger. 

Pink - I wanted to have this circle represent love, and when clicked for the color pink to get progressively lighter. I couldn't exactly figure this bit out on its own, so I settled for when the circle is clicked and the cursor moved around, the color pink gets progressively lighter.

Blue - To represent sadness, I wanted this to be similar to love, except when clicked the blue goes from a light shade to a dark one. Instead, I used mapping to settle for when the circle is clicked for the color to become a progressively darker blue. 

White - Meant to represent peace, calm, serenity, contentment; this is an all-encompassing whiteness that takes up the whole canvas.

Yellow - To represent energy, this circle flashes yellow like a strobe light. I couldn't quite figure out how to get the circle to disappear when other circles are clicked (similar issue to the blue, pink, and red circles). 

Purple - The fun, excitement, and joy circle, to represent feeling all emotions simultaneously I coded this one as an array that contains all the other colors in the sketch. 

Green - This is meant to display meditativeness, and being in nature (can this be an emotion?). It flashes multiple shades of green, which is similar to the way energy and joy are felt.  

Orange - The focus/locked-in feeling! The circle shrinks and narrows in, which I think is pretty self explanatory. 

Black - Depression, an all encompassing dark void, an interesting contrast to peace. 

Ideally, I would like to keep working on this sketch when I have the time, to really get it to where I want it to be! 